Got the medicine
I have an appointment with Dr. Qi
They work overtime as soon as we get samples
The industry will have results in two days at the soonest.
Okay, I'll tell Lingxi as soon as the result comes out.
OK
Enron
The phone on my parents' side still can't get through
You go to my parents' place
Chu Minghua suddenly stopped taking medicine on me
My dad is going to do something to my parents
You go to the test first
I'll go to Lin Xi's house to have a look first. It's fine.
Racy
Chu Minghua found a nanny for his uncle and aunt
They don't know about you yet.
I only know that you have gone abroad
Chu Minghua has installed it in front of me these two days
Husband appearance
Finding time for my parents again
What is he trying to do?
husband
You didn't go to the company these two days to accompany me
It won't delay work, will it?
Isn't Wei Xiaonian not here?
It's great that I can take care of you and Nini too.
I think work is still important
I really can't let my mother stay for a few days